>> Brian Holt: So one more thing,
now we have photos,
which we know is going to be
an array of photo strings, okay?
Now we just have to make this
handleIndexClick function.
>> Brian Holt: So, let's go ahead and
do it this way first,
we're gonna build it wrong first and
then we'll show you how to make it right.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, handleIndexClick,
this is gonna take in an event
of some sort like this.
>> Brian Holt: And here we just wanna
call this.setstate, with active
being the event.target.dataset.index
>> Brian Holt: So
there's two things wrong with this,
let's talk about both of them.
The first one,
if you've never seen dataset before,
this is not a react API,
this is a dumb API, right?
And dataset allows you to get
two things that are on the data,
on the each note tag, right?
So I had this image tag here right,
and I had this data index.
So this dataset that we're referring to,
let's close you.
[BLANK AUDIO] There we go.
So dataset index, that's going to
refer to whatever is here, right?
So it'll have zero, one, two,
three and four in there.
That make sense?
But the thing to keep in mind here is
active needs to be a number because we're
using as a number down here, right?
Anything that comes react from the dumb
is always gonna be a string, so
we need to convert this into a number,
we need to coerce this into a number.
There's a number of ways of doing this.
You could do parseInt or something
like that, or you can just say Plus.
If you put what's call
the unary plus right there,
that will turn it into a number.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So that's problem number one solved.
And I said this, sorry, this.setState
right there, that's a third problem.
[LAUGH] This.setState.
The other problem that we
have here is what is this?
So, if I'm calling it as
an event listener down here,
what do you think this is gonna be here?
>> Speaker 2: Download?
>> Brian Holt: I think it's nothing.
I think it's undefined.
You're on the right track
that it's not correct, right?
>> Brian Holt: We need it
to be the component, right?
We need it be the carousel component
because we wanna call a setState on
the carousel component, and this is
either Window or I think it's undefined.
I think react makes it undefined.
Regardless, it's not
what you want it to be.
So how would I make this correct?
There's two methodologies here,
I'll show you both of them.
If I had a constructor up here, so
just say I had constructor (props), and
you don't have to copy this one, I'm
just showing you this one, super(props).
What you could do here if
you don't have public class
properties enabled in your project
which many of you will not.
You can come in here and put,
this.handleIndexClick=this.handleIndexCli-
ck.bind(this).
This looks ridiculous, right?
But what is this actually doing, right?
It's binding the context of
handleIndexClick to be Carousel,
because we know what this is inside
the constructor would guarantee it's gonna
be the correct context, right?
So this means that handleIndexClick
can then be called, and
this will always be correct,
right, so this works.
There's an even easier way to do this,
though,
if you have public class
properties like this.
>> Brian Holt: I can just turn this into-
>> Brian Holt: An arrow function.
>> Brian Holt: Now it's correct again,
right?
Because we talked about arrow functions,
right, they don't create new context when
they're invoked,
which means that it gets it lexically,
which is not actually technically correct
but effectively is correct, right?
So this is determined when you write it,
right, so
this is going to be
wherever it was written.
Whereas if I you call a function
like this function here, right?
It's going to be whether it's invoked,
now recognize it's probably not a kind of
an odd distinction to make but suffice
to say, this will have the correct this
because this event listener's
not gonna create a new context.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna give you
just kind of a rule of thumb here.
Whenever you are passing functions
down into children, right?
Or whenever you're doing event listeners,
use an arrow function,
>> Brian Holt: Because that will guarantee
what this is to be is correct.
Like notice here in our componentDidMount
in details and this one, notice that
we didn't have to do any magic for
this.setState for componentDidMount that's
because componentDidMount, we already
know it's gonna have the correct context.
Same thing with render, render is always
gonna have the same correct context.
So it's really just event listeners and
functions that you're passing
into children, that's it.